-----------------------------------------------------------
 - Building OpenGUI -
-----------------------------------------------------------
OpenGUI uses SCons as its official build mechanism.

Get it. Use it. It doesn't suck. http://www.scons.org/
You will need a recent Python interpretter installed in
order to use SCons. If you are using Windows, I recommend
ActiveState's ActivePython. You can get ActivePython here:
http://activestate.com/Products/ActivePython/

The included SCons scripts are used to build all SDKs, and
it is highly encouraged that users utilize these scripts
when compiling from source. All dependencies that did not
already come with working SCons scripts have had new
scripts created for them. If you would like to see all
available options, you can type "scons -h" to retrieve the
build help, which will list available targets to build.

To compile a release build:
scons

To compile a debug build:
scons debug=1

Despite the SCons scripts, we currently only officially
support Windows using the Visual Studio compilers. This
will certainly change in the future, but for now we have
this limitation.



-----------------------------------------------------------
 - Windows -
-----------------------------------------------------------
Use SCons! There are a smattering of VC8 projects and
solutions that are intended for use by the project
developers. Building everything STILL REQUIRES SCONS, as
not all dependencies come with valid Visual Studio project
files.

 * VC 8 (aka Visual Studio 2005 Standard/Pro/Express)
    Just open OpenGUI.sln in the root directory, select a
    build configuration and build the solution. All
    necessary dependencies will be automatically built.

 * VC 7.1 (aka Visual Studio .NET 2003)
    We used to include project and solution files for this
    toolchain, but they have been removed. With the free
    availability of Visual Studio 2005 Express there is no
    reason why it is necessary to maintain multiple sets of
    project/solution files.



-----------------------------------------------------------
 - Linux -
-----------------------------------------------------------
Linux isn't officially supported at this time, but you are
more than welcome to try. You can expect the SCons scripts
to break, so if you spend the time to fix it please submit
a patch.



-----------------------------------------------------------
 - Other -
-----------------------------------------------------------
You're pretty much on your own here. Everything is written
in standard C++, and aims to avoid all compiler warnings.
It also comes with all necessary dependencies, so if you
can manage to get the dependencies to build, you shouldn't
have too much trouble getting OpenGUI to build. Any
platform specific #define statments can be found in
"OpenGUI_Platform.h". Patches that increase the number of
build targets are welcome, but stand a much better chance
of permanent inclusion if you also offer to provide
continued maintenance to ensure that the given build target
is always working in future releases of OpenGUI.

