###########################################################
#####       OpenGUI 0.9 [Iolite] Release Notes        #####

<< version in active development, release notes not yet 100% valid >>

Version 0.8 [Kunzite] is a complete redesign of the
paradigms used in previous releases of OpenGUI. This
release, and those that will follow, are nothing like the
old code base. Many of the previously used concepts have
been thrown out and replaced with designs that are more
intuitive, provide better performance, and will provide a
stable API that can be used as the foundation of new
features, plugins, and tools for many years to come.

This version is a precursor release to version 1.0. It is
intended to allow developers to adopt OpenGUI before the
official 1.0 release, and as a side effect allow the
community at large to identify bugs so that they may be
fixed prior to the release of version 1.0. The API used in
this version is considered quite hardened, though
subsequent releases will make minor changes as the final
feature set is completed.

This release does not provide Linux support, though Linux
support is intended at the time version 1.0 is released.

For instructions on building from source, see BUILDING.txt

Static linking is not yet supported, but it will be when
version 1.0 is released.

___________________________________________________________
-- Known Issues
<< version in active development >>

___________________________________________________________
-- Usage

During installation, if the precompiled SDK was installed,
it will have set up 4 environment variables that will point
to some convenient locations. These environment variables
are:
OPENGUI_HOME
OPENGUI_INCLUDE
OPENGUI_VC8
OPENGUI_VC71

Projects that use the precompiled SDK can use these
environment variables when creating their build
environments. Feedback and suggestions on these variables
is welcomed, and can be submitted on the OpenGUI forums.


___________________________________________________________
-- Included Renderers

The Ogre renderer has been built against the Ogre 1.2.4 SDK
(Dagon). If you require integration with a different
version of Ogre, you may or may not be able to use the
precompiled renderer, though it is recommended that you
compile it from source to ensure binary compatibility.

The OpenGL renderer requires the use of GLFW, and is
intended for our internal use. It should act as an example
of how to write your own renderer, as well as possibly be
used as a template. The only tie to GLFW is currently the
retrieving of OpenGL extensions. A cursory examination and
some minor changes should be all that is required to
convert it for usage into any specific context.

___________________________________________________________
-- Porting

* Any code that uses Value::setValueAuto() will need to be
  altered. This function was deprecated in 0.8 and has been
  removed.
